Volumes:
Jenkins-docker-volumes 200Gb
Jenkins-docker-overlay 200Gb

Instancias

Name 	 Flavor 	 Time
ci-asperathos-master 	lsd.t1.medium 	1 Days, 6 Hours and 43 Seconds
Jenkins 	lsd.t2.xlarge 	20 Days, 10 Hours and 18 Seconds
jenkinsteste 	lsd.t2.large 	0 Days, 0 Hours and 10 Seconds
worker3-small-cluster 	lsd.t1.small 	30 Days, 0 Hours and 0 Seconds
docker-registry-backup 	lsd.t2.large 	0 Days, 0 Hours and 20 Seconds
ci-asperathos-master 	lsd.t1.medium 	0 Days, 0 Hours and 19 Seconds
docker-registry 	lsd.t2.large 	0 Days, 6 Hours and 4 Seconds
jenkinsteste 	lsd.t2.large 	0 Days, 0 Hours and 27 Seconds
worker2-small-cluster 	lsd.t1.small 	30 Days, 0 Hours and 0 Seconds
master-big-cluster 	lsd.t1.medium 	30 Days, 0 Hours and 0 Seconds
worker1-big-cluster 	lsd.t1.medium 	30 Days, 0 Hours and 0 Seconds
ci-asperathos-minion-1 	lsd.t1.medium 	1 Days, 6 Hours and 5 Seconds
worker1-small-cluster 	lsd.t1.small 	30 Days, 0 Hours and 0 Seconds
worker3-big-cluster 	lsd.t1.medium 	30 Days, 0 Hours and 0 Seconds
docker-registry-teste 	lsd.t1.small 	0 Days, 21 Hours and 28 Seconds
Nialm 	lsd.t2.large 	30 Days, 0 Hours and 0 Seconds
ci-asperathos-minion-3 	lsd.t1.medium 	1 Days, 6 Hours and 9 Seconds
worker2-big-cluster 	lsd.t1.medium 	30 Days, 0 Hours and 0 Seconds
master-small-cluster 	lsd.t1.small 	30 Days, 0 Hours and 0 Seconds
ci-asperathos-minion-2 	lsd.t1.medium 	1 Days, 6 Hours and 9 Seconds
worker0-big-cluster 	lsd.t1.medium 	30 Days, 0 Hours and 0 Seconds
worker0-small-cluster 	lsd.t1.small 	30 Days, 0 Hours and 0 Seconds
