Volumes:
Billing-volume-test 1Gb

Instancias

Name 	 Flavor 	 Time
teste-6 	maintenance2 	2 Days, 2 Hours and 47 Seconds
teste-compute22-1 	maintenance 	1 Days, 15 Hours and 11 Seconds
teste-compute24-1 	maintenance 	1 Days, 14 Hours and 14 Seconds
teste-compute22-2 	maintenance 	0 Days, 0 Hours and 46 Seconds
teste-compute25-2 	maintenance 	1 Days, 14 Hours and 43 Seconds
teste-10 	maintenance2 	2 Days, 2 Hours and 42 Seconds
teste-3 	maintenance2 	2 Days, 2 Hours and 56 Seconds
teste-compute25-3 	maintenance 	1 Days, 14 Hours and 34 Seconds
teste-compute22-2 	maintenance 	1 Days, 15 Hours and 6 Seconds
teste-compute23-6 	maintenance 	1 Days, 14 Hours and 59 Seconds
teste-compute25-7 	maintenance 	1 Days, 14 Hours and 26 Seconds
teste-compute23-9 	maintenance 	1 Days, 14 Hours and 54 Seconds
Billing-test-2 	rally.t1.medium 	0 Days, 23 Hours and 35 Seconds
teste-compute24-9 	maintenance 	1 Days, 14 Hours and 57 Seconds
teste-compute23-7 	maintenance 	1 Days, 14 Hours and 57 Seconds
teste-compute24-10 	maintenance 	1 Days, 14 Hours and 59 Seconds
teste-compute23-8 	maintenance 	1 Days, 14 Hours and 56 Seconds
teste-compute24-7 	maintenance 	1 Days, 14 Hours and 2 Seconds
teste-compute24-6 	maintenance 	1 Days, 14 Hours and 58 Seconds
teste-7 	maintenance2 	2 Days, 2 Hours and 49 Seconds
teste-compute23-1 	maintenance 	1 Days, 14 Hours and 59 Seconds
teste-compute22-10 	maintenance 	0 Days, 0 Hours and 44 Seconds
teste-compute22-20 	maintenance 	0 Days, 0 Hours and 3 Seconds
teste-compute22-17 	maintenance 	0 Days, 0 Hours and 7 Seconds
teste-compute22-14 	maintenance 	0 Days, 0 Hours and 15 Seconds
teste-compute22-4 	maintenance 	0 Days, 0 Hours and 55 Seconds
teste-5 	maintenance2 	2 Days, 2 Hours and 58 Seconds
teste-9 	maintenance2 	2 Days, 2 Hours and 48 Seconds
teste-compute22-16 	maintenance 	0 Days, 0 Hours and 10 Seconds
teste-4 	maintenance2 	2 Days, 2 Hours and 57 Seconds
teste-compute24-4 	maintenance 	1 Days, 14 Hours and 2 Seconds
teste-8 	maintenance2 	2 Days, 2 Hours and 42 Seconds
teste-compute24-5 	maintenance 	1 Days, 14 Hours and 4 Seconds
teste-compute25-8 	maintenance 	1 Days, 14 Hours and 28 Seconds
teste-compute24-2 	maintenance 	1 Days, 14 Hours and 12 Seconds
teste-compute23-3 	maintenance 	1 Days, 14 Hours and 3 Seconds
teste-compute22-5 	maintenance 	0 Days, 0 Hours and 53 Seconds
teste-compute25-5 	maintenance 	1 Days, 14 Hours and 26 Seconds
teste-compute23-5 	maintenance 	1 Days, 14 Hours and 58 Seconds
teste-compute23-4 	maintenance 	1 Days, 14 Hours and 2 Seconds
teste-compute22-7 	maintenance 	1 Days, 15 Hours and 52 Seconds
teste-compute22-9 	maintenance 	0 Days, 0 Hours and 43 Seconds
teste-compute22-1 	maintenance 	0 Days, 0 Hours and 56 Seconds
teste-compute22-12 	maintenance 	0 Days, 0 Hours and 21 Seconds
teste-compute22-3 	maintenance 	1 Days, 15 Hours and 4 Seconds
Billing-test 	rally.t1.medium 	2 Days, 20 Hours and 56 Seconds
teste-compute22-13 	maintenance 	0 Days, 0 Hours and 19 Seconds
teste-compute22-15 	maintenance 	0 Days, 0 Hours and 10 Seconds
teste-compute25-1 	maintenance 	1 Days, 14 Hours and 40 Seconds
teste-compute24-3 	maintenance 	1 Days, 14 Hours and 8 Seconds
teste-compute22-8 	maintenance 	0 Days, 0 Hours and 43 Seconds
teste-2 	maintenance2 	2 Days, 2 Hours and 1 Seconds
teste-compute25-9 	maintenance 	1 Days, 14 Hours and 26 Seconds
teste-compute23-2 	maintenance 	1 Days, 14 Hours and 4 Seconds
teste-compute22-7 	maintenance 	0 Days, 0 Hours and 50 Seconds
teste-compute25-4 	maintenance 	1 Days, 14 Hours and 41 Seconds
teste-compute24 	maintenance 	0 Days, 0 Hours and 33 Seconds
teste-compute22-8 	maintenance 	1 Days, 15 Hours and 53 Seconds
teste-compute22-6 	maintenance 	0 Days, 0 Hours and 55 Seconds
teste-compute22-18 	maintenance 	0 Days, 0 Hours and 2 Seconds
teste-compute22-5 	maintenance 	1 Days, 15 Hours and 56 Seconds
teste-compute22-11 	maintenance 	0 Days, 0 Hours and 25 Seconds
teste-compute22-9 	maintenance 	1 Days, 15 Hours and 50 Seconds
teste-compute22-10 	maintenance 	1 Days, 15 Hours and 51 Seconds
teste-1 	maintenance2 	2 Days, 2 Hours and 0 Seconds
teste-compute22-6 	maintenance 	1 Days, 15 Hours and 56 Seconds
teste-compute25-6 	maintenance 	1 Days, 14 Hours and 37 Seconds
teste-compute22-4 	maintenance 	1 Days, 15 Hours and 58 Seconds
teste-compute23-10 	maintenance 	1 Days, 14 Hours and 53 Seconds
teste-compute24-8 	maintenance 	1 Days, 14 Hours and 2 Seconds
teste-compute22-19 	maintenance 	0 Days, 0 Hours and 1 Seconds
teste-compute22-3 	maintenance 	0 Days, 0 Hours and 57 Seconds
teste-compute25-10 	maintenance 	1 Days, 14 Hours and 23 Seconds
